# Empty Project Template

Inside your project you should have the following structure:
## At the top level:
### README.md
This file right here. Make sure you edit it to describe your project.
### .gitignore
This file tells git which files to you should not track with version control.
You may want to add additional file patterns depending on your operating system and tools that you are using.
### Jar file(s)
Executable jar file(s) with all resources needed to run.

## src/ folder
This contains your source code, organized into one or more packages.

## docs/ folder
Includes all documentation other than this README file.
You must at least include your object design diagram here.

### Object design diagram

The object design document should be in PDF format.
First page/slide is object diagram, with description of objects on the next page(s).

On more complicated projects, you may need additional diagrams to
clearly describe subcomponents.

### Other documentation

If you found it useful to document your projects in other ways (class
diagrams, algorithm description, tables of events, etc.) put the
documents here.

## resources/ folder

This is an optional folder that you'll include if you are using any
resource files (sounds, images, etc.)

These are files that you would include within your jar file when you build it.
Files that are separate from the program (input/output test files, scripts, etc.) should be in a separate folder.

## Other folders
Keep the top level of the repository from being too cluttered by using additional subfolders for test files, config files, scripts, etc.
Be sure to document the purpose of the folder(s) in this README file. You may also want to add a README.md to a subfolder if there is a lot to explain.

I will sometimes add additional directories of test files to the project templates I provide you.

## .github/ folder
This folder may be automatically generated by the Github Classroom bot and updated when we change the autograder settings.
You should not change anything here, but you may need to pull the changes from the server before you will be able to push your own code.

## .gitkeep files
Git only tracks actual files, so if you want to track a directory, you have to put a file in it.
An empty .gitkeep file (it could be named anything, but this is a common naming convention) is added to a directory that we want to track so that it is no longer empty.
You can safely remove a .gitkeep file once the directory has other files in it, but I occasionally use them in template repositories like this one to make sure we're using the same folder names.
